# Host Commands

## `/cancel-preclaims <world>`
Remove a world added with `/new-world`.

## `/finish-world <world>`
Remove a world added with `/track-world` and award points to people with claims in it.

## `/get-preclaims <world>`
Resolves preclaims for a world and generates a message to ping all winners of slots if the preclaim end has passed.

## `/mark-free <world> <slot>`
Mark a specific slot as a free claim.

## `/new-world <name> <preclaim end> <slot file>`
Create a new world for preclaims using a slot file generated by `clean_yamls` or `reprocess_yamls`.
Will try to alert in the system channel when the time ends.

## `/reschedule-preclaims <world> <preclaim end>`
Change the time preclaims end for a world.
Does not currently change the time the alert is made.

## `/track-world <tracker> <name>`
Start tracking a world with a specific name.
If a world with the same name has been created with `/new-world`, preclaims in that world will be resolved and added.

## `/unclaim <world> <slot>`
Remove a claim from a slot.

# Player Commands

## `/claim <world> <slot>`
Make a claim in a world as long as you have an available claim.
If you recently freed up a claim, you may need to use `/done`.

## `/claimed`
View slots you have claimed.

## `/claimed <player>`
View slots claimed by a specific player.

## `/done <world> <slot>`
Mark a slot of yours as done.
This command only needs to be used if you want to use your claim immediately, it will otherwise be marked as done automatically when tracker data is updated.

## `/find <world> <slot>`
Get the discord account of the claimant of a slot.

## `/public`
View all public slots.

## `/public <world>`
View all public slots in a world.

## `/public <world> <slot> <description>`
Make one of your own slots public with a specific description.

## `/status <world> <slot> <update>`
Make a status update for a specific slot.
`/bulk-status` also exists, and can be used to make multiple status updates in one command.

## `/status-report <world>`
View the status of all slots in a world and the latest update from each player in them.
If used by a host, will also update data from the tracker if the previous update was not within the last hour.

## `/status-report <world> <slot>`
View the status of a single slot in a world and all updates from players in that slot.
If used by a host, will also update data from the tracker if the previous update was not within the last hour.

## `/unclaimed`
View all unclaimed slots.

## `/unclaimed <world>`
View all unclaimed slots in a specific world.

## `/unpreclaim`
Removes your current preclaim.

## `/view-preclaims`
View all worlds accepting preclaims and make preclaims.

## `/worlds`
View all current worlds with some basic stats.
If used by a host, will also update data from the tracker if the previous update was not within the last hour.
